Take a screen-shot on the payment confirmation screen of every purchase you make online.
Use an underscore in front of folder names and other sortable items on your computer to keep those at the top of the list.
Don't use "lol" as a filler word.
Press F2 to immediately rename a file, no more slow double clicks.
Take one minute to record your phone's serial number. This may be the one identifying factor if your phone is ever stolen and reset.
Create a life binder and keep in it copies of things like your: medical records, SSN, birth photos, etc.
When applying for a job online, save the job description in an email/pdf. You'll be able to prepare even if the post is removed.
Try the microwave challenge: when microwaving see how much of the kitchen you can clean up.
Give your shower walls a quick wipe-down after each shower and you'll never fight mildew and hard water stains again.
Open your dishwasher as soon as it has finished to allow additional water to evaporate (and get rid of water spots)
Have a separate account on your laptop for performing presentations.
When going on long roadtrips and don't want to pay for a motel? All Wal-Marts allow people to park over night without being kicked out.
Sprinkle cinnamon on the carpet. When you vacuum, the room will smell like cinnamon instead of your nasty vacuum.
Use a window squeegee to remove pet hair from carpet.
If you see someone griefing, don't try to fix it, tell an admin we have commands that can fix it instantly with no work.
Want a higher rank? Be nice, don't argue, try your best to get a better impression toward the admins.
Use travel delay as opportunity to stop rather than get stressed. When the world stands still, let it.
Stop clinging and embrace change as a constant.
Try and give people the benefit of the doubt if they snap at you. Might be something going on you don't know about.
Friendship is a gift, not a possession.
Before you go to bed, write down only 3 things that you want to do the following day. This is how to prioritize.
Do something relaxing before going to bed. No electronics.
When in doubt, take a deep breath.
Define what's necessary; say no to the rest.
Expect nothing. Welcome everything.
Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who get off their ass and do anything to make it happen.
Ends are not bad things, they just mean that something else is about to begin.
Beat your alarm to wake up? Don't go back to bed, you will feel worse.
Orgasms cure hiccups.
Telemarketers aren't allowed to hang up first. The possibilities are endless.
Apples are 10 times more effective at keeping people awake than coffee.
There are plenty of ways to enter a pool. The stairs is not one of them. 
Never cancel dinner plans by text message. 
Don't knock it `til you try it. 
If a street performer makes you stop walking, you owe him a buck. 
Always use "we" when referring to your home team or your government. 
When entrusted with a secret, keep it. 
DON'T underestimate free throws in a game of HORSE. 
Just because you can doesn't mean you should. 
Don't dumb it down. 
You only get one chance to notice a new haircut. 
If you're staying more than one night, unpack 
Never parkin front of a bar. 
Expect the seat in front of you to recline. Prepare accordingly. 
Keep a picture of your first fish, first car, and first girl/boyfriend. 
Hold your heroes to a high standard. 
A suntan is earned, not bought. 
Never lie to your doctor. 
All guns are loaded. 
Don't mention sunburns. Believe me, they know. 
The best way to show thanks is to wear it. Even if its' only once. 
Take a vacation of your cell phone, internet, and TV once a year. 
Don't fill up on bread, no matter how good. 
A handshake beats an autograph. 
Don't linger in the doorway. In or out. 
If you choose to go in drag, don't sell yourself short. 
If you want to know what makes you unique, sit for a caricature. 
Never get your haircut the day of a special event. 
Be mindful of what comes between you and the Earth. Always buy good shoes, tires, and sheets. 
Never eat lunch at your desk if you can avoid it. 
When you're with new friends, don't just talk about old friends. 
Eat lunch with the new kids. 
When traveling, keep yourwits about you. 
It's never too late for an apology. 
Don't pose with booze. 
If you have the right of way. TAKE IT. 
You don't get to choose your own nickname. 
When you marry someone, remember you marry their entire family. 
Never push someone off a dock. 
Under no circumstances should you ask a woman if she is pregnant. 
It's not enough to be proud of your ancestry, live up to it. 
Don't make a scene. 
When giving a thank you speech, short and sweet is best. 
Know when to ignore the camera. 
Never gloat. 
Invest in great luggage. 
Make time for your mom on your birthday, It's her special day too. 
When opening presents, no one likes a good guesser. 
Sympathy is a crutch, never fake a limp. 
Give credit. Take Blame. 
Suck it up every now and again. 
Never be the last one in the pool. 
Don't stare. 
Address everyone that carries a firearm professionally. 
Stand up to bullies. You'll only have to do it once. 
If you've made your point, stop talking. 
Admit it when you're wrong. 
If you offer to help don't quit until the job is done. 
Look people in the eye when you thank them. 
Thank the bus driver. 
Never answer the phone at the dinner table. 
Forgive yourself for your mistakes. 6
Know at least one good joke. 
Don't boo. Even the ref is somebody's son. 
Know how to cook one good meal. 
Learn to drive a stick shift. 
Be cool to younger kids. Reputations are built over a lifetime. 
It's okay to go to the movies by yourself 
Dance with your mother/father. 
Don't lose your cool. Especially at work 
Always thank the host. 
If you don't understand, ask before it's too late. 
Know the size of your boyfriend/girlfriends clothes. 
There is nothing wrong with a plain t-shirt. 
Be a good listener. Don't just take your turn to talk. 
Keep your word. 
In college always sit in the front. You'll stand out immediately. Come grade time it might come in handy. 
Carry your mother's bags. She carried you for 9 months. 
Be patient with airport security. They are just doing their job. 
Don't be the talker in a movie. 
The opposite sex likes people who shower. 
You are what you do. Not what you say. 
Learn to change a tire. 
Be kind. Everyone has a hard fight ahead of them. 
An hour with grandparents is time well spent. Ask for advice when you need it. 
Don't litter. 
If you have a sister, get to know her boyfriend. Your opinion is important. 
You won't always be the strongest or fastest. But you can be the toughest. 
Never call someone before or after 9 AM and 9 PM. 
Buy the orange properties in Monopoly. 
Make the little things count. 
Always wear a bra at work. 
There is a fine line between looking sultry and slutty. Find it. 
You're never too old to need your mom. 
Ladies, if you make the decision to wear heels on the first date commit to keeping them on and keeping your trap shut about how much your feet kill. 
Know the words to your national anthem. 
Your dance moves might not be the best, but I promise making a fool of yourself is more fun than sitting on the bench alone. 
Smile at strangers. 
Make Goals. 
Being old is not dictated by yourbedtime. 
If you HAVE to fight, punch first and punch hard. 
